All in one rom fixer for all arcade machine emulators 2022.
this rom fixer can fix any ROMs you throw at it based on the arcade machine core you select it will fix them for you.
all ROMs are fixed and placed in each directory it creates for you so everything is organized for you to check and remove later.

you can select the arcade machine core DLL example: fbalpha2012_cps1_libretro.dll | mame2003_plus_libretro.dll and other DLL FIles on the software and it will automatically start
to fix everything one by one.

not one rom will go missed, everything is checked top to bottom. the software does some intensive checks and tests and verification before the final files are all zipped up and moved
to a specific directory before it continues on with the next rom.

the test itself is very fast reliable and error-free rom fixer software. a lot of time has been put into this to make sure that everything is running well as it should.

this is the best of the best auto rom tester | fixer software you will ever find. no other software can match this.
our software is created to work with old and new mame rom files.

the error-free rating of this tool is 100%: like i said everything is checked very well.

our tool vs other rom fixer tools.

other rom testers out on the internet
people created many rom tester and fixers and we tested them at one point to fix our roms but they ended up doing false and positive work and the results were very poor.
the tools made were automated yes but the analysis on roms files was not good it missed out on some or marked bad roms as good when tested it did not work.
there were a lot of problems here and there always.


Our software.
emulators on windows have Core DLL for each arcade machine we use that to fix roms up and do other intensive checks to fix it.
we cannot mention the algorithm we use in our tool so others don't copy it.
it is all down to the mind of the creator being so creative and well ahead of all when it comes to creativeness.
we put a lot of time into this making sure everything is tested and checked and not one rom goes untested.
bad roms are always placed in their own folder the software makes.
our automated tool can do more than you think.
just load the files and press one button that is it and observe check folders do what you won't let the tool do the rest, go to bed go out do anything use your free time, and
let the tool do the rest once again.

our tool will be available to buy one-time fee.
updates are charged separately with discount: this applies only to people already purchased
